**Date:** March 17, 2022

**Attendees:** Kate Yourke, Sara Martinez, Shen-Shen Wu, Yadira Sánchez

------

## Discussion Notes

- **What is the format?**
  - A digital "magazine" in that it has an editorial sense, but taking the form of a creative website.
  - A printed zine - would be interested in at least once having a printed version that can be distributed. Nostalgic and people love that kind of stuff, would be cool to see the reaction!
    - Kate has lots of experience making printed zines and creating community around that. Their longest-running weekly zine had the tag line "all the news that fits, we print!" It was one double-sided 11in x 17in page folded.
    - As an experiment - perhaps with a QR code. Could even add some AR in the printed zines! Limited editions?
  - Meetups? Physical exhibition? Salon?
- **What is the cadence?**
  - How often to publish/release? What is its cycle? 
    - Quarterly, annual fixed content (so it feels "finished", gives it rhythm) - depending on the content we have
  - Meeting every 2 weeks seems like a good frequency
- **Where is this content coming from? How to involve people from different backgrounds?**
  - Multilingual - e.g. Spanish, Arabic, Chinese
  - Diverse ages
    - e.g. elderly - how do you approach someone who isn't used to using technology?
    - e.g. teenage cousins with crazy ideas
  - Communities outside of creatives/tech professionals 
- **What is our philosophy vs. approach vs. structure?**
  - Rotating roles - e.g. editor-in-chief, stewards, contributors
  - Economics - sponsors/redistribution among us and contributors
  - Environment - avoiding extractivism/ critical art
  - Movement of reconciling looking forward with looking backward
  - Sturdy, yet not too rigid
- **What are our intentions?**
  - spoken change
  - connection: what does connection mean right now? connection versus disconnection, alienation. An antidote to that.
  - participatory, getting input from the people its impacting - "Lift the veil and see what's underneath"
  - a platform for mutual support - supporting each other and people who are just beginning to create 
  - a place to have/continue the conversation, not just forget about it.
    - "Participating in some way, not just reading about it"
    - "Something that will head to something else"
- **What are the fundamental values we hope to support with this?**
  - Identifying words for this project - this in itself could be an art piece, words in different languages to react to - a Movement? Agitation? Force? Antidote? Catalyst?
  - Every aspect of this will have many words / contexts / cycles / seasons - this relates to the natural environment! It could be a format for opening potential and kind of boiling it down to make a structure of it

------

## Action Items
- [x] Yadira to start manifesto doc
- [x] Shen-Shen to schedule next meeting in ~~two~~ three weeks (~~March 31~~ April 7)
- [x] Shen-Shen to edit notes, create GitHub repo, invite Yadira, Sara, and Kate as collaborators